OSDOCS-8253: Improved LokiStack integration (#67836)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-flowcollector-view.adoc

.Sample `FlowCollector` resource
[source, yaml]
----

> apiVersion: flows.netobserv.io/v1beta2

Reviewer: the `loki` section in the YAML should be amended to show the lokiStack mode

      limits:
        memory: 800Mi
    conversationEndTimeout: 10s
    logTypes: Flows                            <3>

>     conversationHeartbeatInterval: 30s

Reviewer 2: I'm still waiting for https://github.com/netobserv/network-observability-operator/pull/467 to be merged here.
`conversationEndTimeout` and `conversationHeartbeatInterval` are part of the fields moving to `debug` sections.

See the [entire list in Jira](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/NETOBSERV-1092)

Author: ACK, will be on the lookout for this to merge and remove these fields. The API doc regeneration PR (yet to be opened) will have the fields.

Reviewer 2: yeah, relying on the API autogenerated doc shoud be good enough here :+1:

Reviewer 2: FYI the `debug` fields has been renamed to `advanced` in the PR above :eyes:

----
<1> The Agent specification, `spec.agent.type`, must be `EBPF`. eBPF is the only {product-title} supported option.
<2> You can set the Sampling specification, `spec.agent.ebpf.sampling`, to manage resources. Lower sampling values might consume a large amount of computational, memory and storage resources. You can mitigate this by specifying a sampling ratio value. A value of 100 means 1 flow every 100 is sampled. A value of 0 or 1 means all flows are captured. The lower the value, the increase in returned flows and the accuracy of derived metrics. By default, eBPF sampling is set to a value of 50, so 1 flow every 50 is sampled. Note that more sampled flows also means more storage needed. It is recommend to start with default values and refine empirically, to determine which setting your cluster can manage.

> <3> The optional specifications `spec.processor.logTypes`, `spec.processor.conversationHeartbeatInterval`, and `spec.processor.conversationEndTimeout` can be set to enable conversation tracking. When enabled, conversation events are queryable in the web console. The values for `spec.processor.logTypes` are as follows: `Flows` `Conversations`, `EndedConversations`, or `ALL`. Storage requirements are highest for `All` and lowest for `EndedConversations`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<3> The Processor specification `spec.processor.logTypes` can be set to enable conversation tracking. When enabled, conversation events are queryable in the web console. The values for `spec.processor.logTypes` are as follows: `Flows` `Conversations`, `EndedConversations`, or `ALL`. Storage requirements are highest for `All` and lowest for `EndedConversations`.
```

<3> The optional specifications `spec.processor.logTypes`, `spec.processor.conversationHeartbeatInterval`, and `spec.processor.conversationEndTimeout` can be set to enable conversation tracking. When enabled, conversation events are queryable in the web console. The values for `spec.processor.logTypes` are as follows: `FLOWS` `CONVERSATIONS`, `ENDED_CONVERSATIONS`, or `ALL`. Storage requirements are highest for `ALL` and lowest for `ENDED_CONVERSATIONS`.
<4> The Loki specification, `spec.loki`, specifies the Loki client. The default values match the Loki install paths mentioned in the Installing the Loki Operator section. If you used another installation method for Loki, specify the appropriate client information for your install.

> <5> The `LokiStack` mode automatically sets a few configurations: `querierUrl`, `ingesterUrl` and `statusUrl`, `tenantID`, and corresponding TLS configuration. Cluster roles and a cluster role binding are created for reading and writing logs to Loki. And `authToken` is set to `FORWARD`. You can set these manually using the `Manual` mode.

Reviewer 3: If Kafka is added, will this new mode automatically update the clusterRoleBinding to account for the change from `flowlogs-pipeline` to `flowlogs-pipeline-transformer`?

> <5> The `LokiStack` mode automatically sets a few configurations: `querierUrl`, `ingesterUrl` and `statusUrl`, `tenantID`, and corresponding TLS configuration. Cluster roles and a cluster role binding are created for reading and writing logs to Loki. And `authToken` is set to `FORWARD`. You can set these manually using the `Manual` mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<5> The `LokiStack` mode automatically sets a few configurations: `querierUrl`, `ingesterUrl` and `statusUrl`, `tenantID`, and corresponding TLS configuration. Cluster roles and a cluster role binding are created for reading and writing logs to Loki. And `authToken` is set to `Forward`. You can set these manually using the `Manual` mode.
```

Author: AH I changed this yesterday but I realize I didn't ctrl+s the file in VSCode so it didn't update here 🤦‍♀️
